JVM:- Java Virtual Machine

Java is distributed:- 

RMI:- Remote Method Invocation

EJB:- Entreprise Jakarta Beans

RPC:- Remote Procedure Call

String[] args or String args[] or String []args we can write in these three manners

If we use small class and it is considered as the keyword and if we use Class then it will be used as subpackages.

Package in java is a folder in which classes, modules are defined. We can import it with the help of import keyword using import and package name. 
example java.lang.* java.util.*;

definition of the package:- Package is a placeholder or a folder that contain all the pre defined methods interface and class structures in it. top most is called as java.
there are three in it 
lang, util and awt.
AWT:- Abstract window toolkit.

Util contains :-
Scanner, Array List , Map class

lang contains :-
System and String

in binary we write prefix 0b

In octal we write prefix 0

in hexaDecimal we write prefix 0X

subscript 

To convert any number system to decimal number system we will use individual digit and multiply by base value with incremented power from LSB to MSB and sum all the terms.THis is SOP sum of the products.
From decimal to any other representation we wil divide input number by resultant base value and we will take care of quotient and remainder part.

To convert any number into decimal we just multiply the unit digits 1 by 1 with their base raised power to their position. 

There can be multiple classes within a package.

Access Specifiers:-

Default:- Default Access is only within the package.If we do not speciify access mode by default mode is default in the java.
Private:- Access is restricted only within the class cannot be accessed from outside the class.
Protected:- Protected can be accessed from other class but the classes should be inherited. The access level of protected modifier is within the package and outside the package through child class.
If you dont make child class it cannot be accessed from outside the package.
public:- Access can be done everywhere.


L2r r2l
Operators:- Postfix Prefix
postfix incr decr unary:-l2r
prefix incr decr unary :- r2l 
airthmatic operator * / % + - :- l2r
ls rs:- l2r
relational < = <= >= ==:- l2r
bitwise & | ^ :-l2r
logical && :l2r
logical ||
logical !
ternary
assignment operator = :- l2r

HashCode is use to get the reference work with .hashCode(); method

Getter and setter methods are called as accessor methods.
Getter method is used to get the value of the class object and setter method is use to set the value for the class instance variable.

constructor
default cons
parameterized with 2 
parameterized with 1
String has 32 bytes by default capacity 

String class object value is immutable.

Intern method will create copy of the object
different methods of strings
ignore case
start with
lowerCase
equals
equalsIgnoreCase
endswith